
Timed Play
----------
The game is timed; you begin with 90 seconds on the clock (configurable).
When the timer reaches zero, the flippers are disabled and the game will soon end.

Timers are paused in various cases: the ball is in the jets, a kickout is
being held, and briefly after any Jackpot/Super Jackpot is scored.

You can extend the game by completing the set of MARTIAN standup targets.
Each target scores 10K unlit, 25K already lit, or 50K when flashing.
Getting all targets lit scores a bonus of 500K+250K and adds 30 seconds.
Note that the timer will not exceed 60 seconds at any time though.
(Extra time configurable.)

For the first completion, all targets begin flashing, and already lit
targets in the same bank will spot an adjacent flashing target.  For the
second round, all targets flash but there is no spotting.  For the third
and subsequent rounds, the targets must be hit in order, one at a time.

There is no penalty for draining, except that Martian Attack and
Double Scoring rounds end like an endball.

The game cannot end while a timed or multiball mode is running (Double Scoring,
Martian Attack, or the regular Multiball).  When the timer expires while one
of these is true, then that condition goes away, there is a brief grace period
before the game truly ends.  (This is the same as the mode's grace period.)
During any of these grace periods, you can "restart" the
game by restarting one of those conditions, or adding to the timer.

The "blue lamps" will show the time left by expiring the lamps as the
timer decreases.  Each lamp starts on, then blinks, then blinks rapidly,
then goes off.


The 5 Shots
-----------
The main 5 scoring shots of the game are: Left Loop, Left Ramp, Center Ramp,
Right Ramp, and Right Loop.  Each can be lit for Jackpot, and each can count
up to 3 total shots.

At the start of the game, each shot has a base value of 100K and is lit
for a Jackpot.
Collecting all 5 Jackpots adds a ball into play, and relights all Jackpots.
See "Multiball" below.

Each additional hit to the same shot increases the shot value for the rest of
the game: 100K+20K to a maximum of 200K (6 shots).  The shot value
is tracked separately per shot.  The 1, 2, 3 lamps for each shot indicate
the score value (flashing is the next shot to be awarded, lit if already
awarded, unlit otherwise).

On every 3rd shot, Double Scoring is started/advanced; see below.

When lit for Jackpot, the shot value is awarded, plus the Jackpot Value.
Jackpot value depends on Combos; 100K normally, or 150K if it's the last
shot of a 2-way combo, then 200K, etc.

The Center Ramp never opens for Lock in these rules.
Idea: maybe open Lock on a Stroke of Luck award to make it easier to collect.

Multiball
---------
Multiball is starting/advanced by making all Jackpots.  Doing so immediately
adds one ball into play, possibly extending a previously multiball.  You can
have up to 4 balls in play.  The number of balls in play affects the multiplier
for the Super Jackpot (2 balls=SJ, 3=Double SJ, 4=Quadruple SJ) only.

All other scoring features continue as usual during Multiball.  The only
difference is the availability of a Super Jackpot at the Saucer Hole.

The base Super Jackpot value is 500K.  During non-multiball play, the value
is increased by 25K for each hit to the center 3-bank, which is up.  The
maximum value is 1.5M.  (Each target also scores 25K right away.)

In multiball, the 3-bank is lowered to reveal the saucer.  The drop target is
initially UP.  You must first score a certain number of saucer target/drop hits,
then collect it.  Initially you need 5 hits to qualify the Super.  Each hit is
50K, or 250K in qualifying.  This is also multiplied by balls in play.

Thereafter it takes 5 more hits for each Super, up to a maximum of 15 hits.
Progress towards a Super is remembered if multiball ends.  Also, the value
of the Super increases by 250K for each one collected, up to the 1.5M maximum.

During multiball, you can continue to advance the 5 shots again to try to add a ball,
start Double Scoring, or extend the game time.

There is a brief (5 second) ball saver each time a ball is added to play; during
this, mode timers are paused.

Each Super scored advances one light on the City Ladder.  Collecting 5 Supers
starts "Attack Mars".


Double Scoring
--------------
On every 3rd shot (the 140K or 200K scores), Double Scoring is started/advanced.
The playfield multiplier is increased by 1, and the timer is reset to 15 seconds.
So if you have 6 seconds left of 2X, and you complete another 3rd shot, it
boosts the multiplier to 3X and resets to 15 seconds.

Double Scoring ends whenever a ball drains.

The shot made to start DS does not reset its lamps again until Double Scoring
times out completely, so you must make other shots instead to try to stack them.
It is theoretically possible to get 6X scoring if all are active simultaneously.
Try to stack this with multiball :)

The factory Super Jackpot moving sound ticks off while this mode runs.


Stroke of Luck
--------------
Completing the inlane/outlane lamps as usual lights Stroke of Luck.  The awards are
pseudorandom.

You can light more than Stroke of Luck award at a time; they will stack.

The algorithm is as follows.  Each of the major awards is given at most once per
game, until all awards have been given.  They are awarded top to bottom,
skipping if conditions do not allow it at the time.


	Awards 1, 4, 7,...
	- Jackpot (not if only 1 Jackpot lit)
	- Light Martian Attack (not if it is already lit)
	- Spot Martian (not if Martian Attack is running)
	- Double Scoring (not if already running)

	Awards 2, 5, 8...
	- Increase Jackpot
	- Increase Super Jackpot
	- Big Points

	Awards 3, 6, 9...
		Add 15 Seconds (every 3rd award gives this)


Martian Attack
--------------
Jet Bumpers count up towards lighting Martian Attack.  Initially it takes 25 jets to
light, then 30, then 35 etc.

Martian Attack can be stacked, by not collecting it and then lighting it again
with more jets or a Stroke of Luck award.

When collected, Martian targets score an additional 50K per hit (in addition to the
default points) for 20 seconds.  If you restart it again due to stacking, the timer
is reset 20 seconds, and the value is increased to 100K each, etc.


Bonus X
-------
Completing the Bonus X lanes does not award Bonus X - there is no bonus in this game :)

Instead it temporarily boosts the value of the jet hits that follow.  Each jet is
normally 5K each, but the lanes boost to 6K, 7K, etc. up to 10K each.  The multiplier
times out when the ball leaves the jets.  This works in multiball too.

Inlane/outlane/bonus X switches score 1K each.


Attack Mars
-----------
After the 5th Super Jackpot, Attack Mars mode starts.  The game timer is paused completely.
All 4 balls are launched into play (if necessary).  The target bank goes back UP.
A jackpot value of 1M is lit at the 3-bank and begins to count down to 500K.
Any target hit collects the value; completing the bank also collects the value (2X hit).
There is a 30 second ballsaver, after which drained balls are not returned, and the jackpot
value stops counting.
Every hit pauses the hurryup countdown for a few seconds.
When multiball ends, you reset back to City #1 to defend for the next round.

