Tennis style scoring, player must be a certain amounts of points in front to
win, or 2 balls past and the other play fails to retake the lead.

tnf - Change rules:
Only gain score if you reach the end bar, add on an extra 10 button pushes
required each time till a certain point (3 times only?);
also, use Jet progress bar

show ZZzz's on skill shot if no one is playing


put dmd_text_outline into score_deff.c

Count balls going into slot tunnel for more accurate pb detection during
multiball
Wavy demo style text

BUGS
Autofire ballsave multiball drain bug
sssmb, make 'easy' jackpot and fix existing code

Make TZ challenge
Grand champion gets to enter a PIN which is stored in the machine.  This means
they can enter in their GC flipcode

Jackpot Leff

Use system time for some features
	eg: 1200 midnight multiball
Store a mode for use later (when Buyin is pressed)
	Greed
	Super Slot
	Spiral
	TSM

Deny multiball jackpots if ball detected in plunger?
taunts based on how far apart players scores are during multiplayer

Coin door message "High power - disabled":
Some TZ's have the wiring for the coil interlock, some don't as it was added
later on in the run

what we do is:

- If coin door is open and we don't know if we have the wiring, 
- Inform the user that we are going to flip the top left flipper and disable buttons
- If the EOS isn't activated, power has not been cut, store that we know the wiring
  isn't present
- Make user adjustable and auto detecting

Show fuse list in test

Magnet multiball:
=================
Grab a ball on the magnet, but hold it v. weakly.  Enough to hold it but not
enough to stop another ball getting grabbed.  Then just wait for the opto to
change when the ball hits it.

Sharpe Shooter Mode:
Alternative to BTTZ, Shooter pot starts with 50M, player must hit 2 lit shots,
otherwise standups subtract from pot.  Player can choose to continue or
collect after every 2 lit shots.  Lit shots must be holdable. 10 standups
without a 2 lit shots stops the mode, with a "Pinball is now illegal again"
"The court would like Mr Sharpe to hit:"

Shot combos - In progress
Turn up volume during multiball jackpot
